docs: add CLI docs with an overview as well as detailed descriptions of each command (#3705)
backstage/backstage: docs/cli/index.md

tooling that is more unique to Backstage, such as commands for working with
static configuration.

## Opinionated Tooling

The Backstage CLI is highly opinionated in what tools are used and how they are
configured. It is tailored for development in large TypeScript monorepos with
hundreds of separate packages, but with the ability to have edits anywhere in
the codebase reflected within a few seconds. The build output is also optimized
for this setup, and aims to provide an excellent user experience with fast page
load times in modern browsers, rather than a wide range of support.

While the Backstage tooling is opinionated in how to develop and build packages,
it is also possible to use your own tooling either partially or fully. For
example, the CLI provides a command for building a plugin package for
publishing, but the output is a quite standard combination of transpiled
JavaScript and TypeScript type declarations. The usage of the command from the
CLI can therefore easily be replaced with other tools if necessary.

Just like `react-scripts`, the Backstage CLI does not provide many hooks for
overriding or customizing the build process. This is to allow for evolution of

> the CLI without having to take a wide API surface into account. Allowing us to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the CLI without having to take a wide API surface into account. This allows us to
```

> quickly iterate and improve the tooling, as well more easily keep dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
quickly iterate and improve the tooling, as well as to more easily keep dependencies
```

up to date.

## Opinions & Goals

In no particular order, this is a list of opinions and goals that guide the
design and development of the Backstage CLI:

- All you need for development is `yarn start`, there should be no need to

>   manually build packages or run other separate tasks.

Reviewer: well there's `install` and `tsc`, but yeah :)

Author: Install is tricky to get around :p, but also only needs to be run once. `tsc` isn't needed
